Add first kit chaser email (#21)
srobo/team-emails: SR2019/2019-05-15-kit-chase-round-1.md

---
to: Teams with outstanding kit
subject: Outstanding kit
---

Hello!

According to our records, you still have a kit from this years competition. As the competition has ended, we would like this back!

Please securely pack the kit and ship it to the address listed on [our website](https://studentrobotics.org/contact/). Once you have dispatched it, please [let us know](mailto:teams@studentrobotics.org).

> ## How to ship your kit

Reviewer: Is SR willing to reimburse/cover the cost of this? If not I think it's ok to omit that, but if we are willing we should probably say so and suggest how we'll do so.

Author: SR will *not* be covering the cost

> - Kits should be shipped in the while 18l Really Useful Box (RUB).

Reviewer: Bonus thought: should they wrap the RUB in anything? (paper/clingfilm?)

> - Kits should be shipped in the white 18l Really Useful Box (RUB). For extra protection, we recommend wrapping this in paper / cling film during shipping.

Reviewer: nit: maybe clarify that we mean packing paper? (I don't know what the proper term is, but I have visions of them arriving wrapped in print quality paper)

- All parts of the kit should be suitably protected either in Jiffy bags or bubble wrap.

> - Damaged batteries must not be shipped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Damaged batteries must not be shipped. If you have concerns about your batteries, please contact us.
```

> - Any empty space in the box should be filled with paper or bubble wrap. No packing peanuts; They're messy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Any empty space in the box should be filled with paper or bubble wrap. Please don't use packing peanuts as they're messy.
```

> Kit data for couriers:

Reviewer: This section reads a bit weirdly. Could we reword it a bit so it's less like some notes?

Particularly:
- the weight line contains internal notes, I think we can just say "6kg"
- the value line might be a surprise since we've not mentioned insurance elsewhere in the email (maybe we should introduce that separately earlier and keep that line here?)

Author: > maybe we should introduce that separately

Any idea how you imagine wording this in. I feel like simply dropping "oh BTW this kit is super expensive" is a bit odd.

Reviewer: Maybe rework the line:

> Kit should be shipped using a courier which supports tracking, to ensure the kit isn't lost.

something like:

> Please insure the kit during shipping and use a courier which supports tracking, to ensure the kit isn't lost.

and then maybe move that line above the data bullets?
